Communication, entertainment, networking, net surfing, and many more right on your palm. Experience touchscreen technology with the MyPhone A898 Duo that offers a handset that's packed with your most-craved apps and features. Indulge to your favorite playlist, play your favorite multimedia content, take photos, send multimedia content, check your email, and even poke your friends on Facebook. With this MyPhone handset, it's a big world explored in a touch. 

Dual-SIM support
You don’t need to swap SIM cards just to send text message to your friends from other networks. You don’t need to bring two separate phones for your personal and business use. With A898 Duo’s dual-SIM support, you don’t have to carry additional bulk in your bag. Plus, it gives you more ways in communicating with people that matters to you. 

4.3-inch capacitive screen
Get better entertainment from Myphone A898 Duo’s 4.3-inch display. Enjoy playing games, browsing the web, watching videos, and more multimedia experiences in rich, clear images. Tap, swipe, and glide your way through this window of great possibilities. 

The power of Android
The Android 4.0 Ice Cream Sandwich delivers refined user interface, easy multitasking, customizable home screens, and innovative features. Tap, swipe, and navigate through this amazing window of great possibilities with simple, intuitive gestures. Featuring improved and elegant apps, it is designed for the way people live with rich social communication and sharing. 

Share and Connect
The world wide web has changed the way people live. Whether it’s for work, play, social communication, or entertainment, internet is part of our everyday life. With Myphone A898 Duo’s Wi-Fi connectivity feature, it takes you to the amazing web of digital information, social communication, and entertainment. 

File transfer is easier with A898 Duo’s integrated Bluetooth technology. Share photos, music, videos, and other digital contents to other devices. Life is more fun when you share it with your friends. 

Mobile entertainment hub
You’ll never get bored when you accept the challenge of A898 Duo’s pre-installed games or downloaded from the Google Play store. Treat your ears with delectable music from its MP3 player and FM radio. Stay connected with your friends via Facebook, Twitter, or Yahoo Messenger. 

